Come on you two. Say it quickly.
You just said that I don't deserve to buy this pair of rings.
Then do you know what the blessing is for this ring?
How funny. This kind of virtuous person will do.
How could I remember. But I heard that this pair of rings was designed by Mr. Shen’s fiancée.
Unless you are not Mr. Shen’s fiancée.
Of course I know I designed it. It just took too long.
I can't remember clearly. The blessing for this ring is very simple.
Just marry love. I clearly didn't tell him just now.
He really thought about how he knew
Are you showing off the bit of juice you found from above?
How is it possible to remember such a small thing?
Electric foot, such a morally corrupt person
Why don't you drive him out quickly?
No wonder a little operator has such a small hand
It turns out that it is due to the combination of autumn
You are not worthy of small hands, this recommendation
Get rid of your e-sports power
It doesn’t take long, I’m here